Youngjae 1997 lol presents youtube poop
where there's smoke a Pinchbeck
Larry it's time for the sauce um um what
it's time for the sauce oh okay
what do I do you play the guitar Bob I
do haven't even made a guitar okay but
they Livi hand oh right
wrong okay okay oh you play this well
they don't want to play that oh come on
it'll be fun
no it's for the kids
no no you do it it's further huh nope no
need to play the guitar it's time now
you better go on out there if you like
to talk to tomatoes
if the squash ow
ah Bob are you okay mum huh Hey well
kids
hey come to VeggieTales I'm table tomato
and I ucomfy cumbers you now Larry
the other day I was walking home from my
bowling league when I bumped into mark
one of our TV friends oh that's great
mm-hmm now Mark had a question for us
mandarins an English word right why does
he have a is it el why does he have to
forgive a good question
hmm hmm why no oh
hmm
I don't know mom you have any hand oh
right
what's up on a time there were some
great great great when suddenly they hit
a bump all butter here they get a bump
just kidding fool me once I'm an only
three times
you're officially that guy okay you know
you know one you all Baris like you hey
we must uh he knows whoa hey what for I
didn't do him did you big buff man I did
not hah there's us over there
hey hey miss me some kind of a beam or
something well what's that thing he's
got on his head
well it's yella so that would make him I
think one of man I'm miss Barragan what
the bean boy say helo that's right with
it huh and this is not cheating on my
head it is a cat a little hello oh well
that's just terrible don't those grapes
know it's not nice to make nice whoo
grapes they were calling me bean boy and
telling me I had paint on my head oh
great is that true
yep that's what we did except it's not a
chick oh well no no no II would not do
such a fake except it's not a chick yep
that's what we did that's what we did
all right well it all happened once um
us a nun summer while Larry and I were
running a tour boat service yeah you see
we have this boat and people can walk
away I am where I am in the ocean you
see mmm God
go ahead thank you as Larry said we had
a boat but I remember that day
yay y-yeah it started from that tropic
port aboard art now on Larry he was a
mighty Sailor man and Bob he was bright
answered the mate wasn't already sailing
skipper favorite show and what their
passengers were booked that day on our
tour
uh yeah Ellery cool oh boy it is the
light now I had hoped that it wouldn't
be necessary for me to stop but then I
remembered none gee who decided he
wouldn't wait for me to stop and before
we all knew it was him neat 18 khartoum
love that night it is a life this is the
life this little bit little bit is a lot
of it oh now he broke it off which made
not very cross someone asks us someone
has some explaining to do well well you
see very little
anyway it just so happens that the
nearest iceberg is two miles away
what were you thinking
you